oh you think it helps me to think that
you stink Smitty no tell Smitty see
you're terrible hear that put that on
your YouTube sucker there was a fire in
a fair and he was I own as you can
prevent your mom from sucking a lot of
cock I can't prevent that there's my mom
loves sucking cock do not be killed I
know he claims searching the stroller
we're playing searching destroy by the
way you
got me killed one death away there you
go what like something better lose the
forest I thought would come back but
alright I'm looking for that fo ab that
fake Moab so how chaotic can't sushi
actually be it could be like a poisonous
or there it could send you to the
bathroom and it just makes kale okay
take you to the bathrooms for at least
30 minutes and you'll come out for like
at least ten seconds well then you'll go
back inside for another two hours no
something else aren't you just putting
it back to back where it came from
through you know very true um coming
home oh my roommate time I how she was
to be anal really bad right now talk
come on by I got nothing done over next
20 minutes or so I'm steady three for 20
minutes I'd never needs it all so
anyways I was fist deep in this girl's
asshole like imagine look imagine
looking at her asshole just seeing my
wrist and be like where is your fist and
I say it's fucking fist deep in her ass
hole bro
and so anyways let her bro I'm just dick
I'm just digging around in there and I
feel a hoof and I pull out a fuck what I
pull out a calf puller a baby calf
here's insane it was insane hello if he
pulled out a quake are no it was a it
was a full actually was a full-grown
deer huh like how do you get road
killers out of your asshole my mom loves
sucking cock hey paulding know there was
any what he's calling you to die roll
all right Jason so I gotta like that I
don't know oh gosh sitting up again pick
out the guy I couldn't hear you over my
m16 finery people who are uneducated
they're so gay i'm using every one of my
chef just almost got me punched in the
face by my daughter and worse by my wife
so I'm gonna close out on that my mom
loves sucking cock are you doing it it I
didn't do a pretty good I don't care
that was Victor you did the Fat Albert
and everything
you know it's really awesome getting
stabbed while jerking it to fucking door
at 40 Ford that's kind of weird is this
the part where I go make everybody
sandwiches please if you I don't want to
overstep my boundary but i'm not a huge
fan of the crust so I also if you can
just if you can I love it in the shape
of a dinosaur it doesn't matter which
one really just any type of dinosaur I
can do the victim there is playing out
getting all fancy smancy sandwich cook
it up Jackie that's what I'm talking
about I'm talking about
you